TODO
----
1. Modify work ex - Brief about the company and important bullet points
2. Reduce education (Only insert core modules)
3. Update education section -> Reduce modules listed and add subsection for (research) projects and group projects - Include one-line descriptions for each project listed
4. Create profile (Refer to link below) but this is not mandatory as a lot of
recruiters suggest that summaries aren't helpful and are always overbloated
5. Add pair programming to list of skills
6. Maybe add platforms subsection (OS X, Linux, Unix, MS Windows)
7. Update LinkedIn link
8. Remove line for references available on request, instead have it in the footnote
9. Improve voluntary work section - Add few bullet points
10. Check entire document for hyperlinks - if not present, insert hyperlinks
11. Maybe have two different CVs (single page and double page) - Use two different git branches
12. Update achievements section - Make items more succinct (Maybe remove bullet points to make alignment more uniform across the entire document and increasing spacing between each entry)
13. Verify against CV checklist (See link below)
14. Change size of CVnote from footnotesize to small
15. Add UML to list of skills
16. Improve list of interests and remove music from the list
17. Remove technologies/frameworks subsection and instead add a subsection
called skills that includes generic/high-level skills such as web development,
testing, CI/CD, agile dev, DevOps, etc.
18. Have a projects section where the subsections would include Course Projects
and Independent Projects (Mention what the project was about, what
technologies/languages were used, team or individual project)
19. Have succinct bullet points for works experience that specify
responsibilities, tasks, acomplishments, and results. Try and quantify, i.e. try
and measure, all results, eg. Reduced object rendering time by 75% by applying
Floyd’s algorithm, leading to a 10% reduction in system boot time.
20. Add level of experience (in brackets) to each programming language or
technology. Use words such as Expert, Proficient, and Prior experience (OR
Daily, Ocassionally, and Rusty)

Test driven development (TDD), Software documentation, Agile, Scrum, Build automation, Github, Debugging, Profiling, Continuous Integration, Web development

PROFILE (Research more on the internet)
-------
Very very brief summary about myself
Little bit about my self, sociable, entusiastic, good communicator, hard-working, 
Find a role (specifc to a company), apply skills and knoweledge that can be used in the job
Tailor it to the company and the role (Only with a few changes)
"Key areas of expertise" - Use bullet points


CHANGES
-------
Profile -> Personal statement (or use nothing but align the flow well) OR Summary
Work Experience and Positions of Responsibility -> Professional Experience
Programming -> Software development
Skills (Subset) -> Technical proficiencies
Head -> Captain/Team Leader
Research projects -> Individual research projects


OTHERS
------
Refer to https://www.pongoresume.com/articles/447/how-to-answer-3-common-interview-questions.cfm
Refer to http://uk.businessinsider.com/resume-expert-reveals-perfect-resume-looks-like-2016-4
Refer to https://www.kent.ac.uk/careers/cv/cv-checklist.htm (For CV checklist)
Refer to https://www.kent.ac.uk/careers/cv/CVProfiles.htm (For CV profiles)
Refer to http://www.businessinsider.com/this-rsum-landed-me-interviews-at-google-buzzfeed-and-more-than-20-top-startups-2016-10?IR=T
